I told you it was
amazing when I was in prayer,
and I spent some time
with the Lord two nights ago.
I saw the glory cloud above my head, and it was
rippling, and it was absolutely gorgeous.
Whenever the Lord opened up, he gave
me a glimpse of the glory.
I'm telling you all, there's a mighty
move about to hit this
Earth—a mighty move of God,
an outpouring like we've never seen before.
I'm going to keep pounding this
and telling you all that Jesus is coming.
I see the retention of each
video and how long people watch,
and with the tribulation
video, you're missing some of it.
There's a lot of you that
are clicking out, maybe because I'm rambling too long, but
I need to tell you about the drones.
You need to know what they're
going to do in the future.
The drones are a big deal.
The mark of the beast is a big deal, of course.
We have all heard about it;
we are all anticipating what it is.
But
I need you to understand, back when
I had this visitation on
July 6, 2014, drones were hardly talked about.
We could see them in the news
every once in a while, but
now they're using them for football games
and the Super Bowl halftime shows.
They're all in sync, moving together.
Even at the Fourth of July
event in New York, they had a massive
display of the Statue of Liberty,
and they were all drones.
They were lit up.
It's becoming mainstream.
When I went to the
tribulation, I saw the
drones flying, and
they were all in sync.
You all need to know this: they're going to use the drones.
They're in sync and they're
able to scan, hear
noise, and see in infrared.
You can't hide from them.
The people who were left were
trying to hide from these drones.
This is very important.
They're going to use them, and
they fly all over the world.
If you're left here, you need
to know that you're not going
to be able to run from this.
The mark of the beast, the chip
inside of you, communicates to
the drone, and it's able to know
if you have the mark or not.
If you do not
have the mark and that
drone scans you, it alerts the authorities
to turn you in, and
they chop your head off.
If you do not take
the mark, they ask you
if you want to serve
the Antichrist system or not.
If you say no and you want
to serve Jesus, they cut
that person's head off right
there immediately.
I'm trying to bring
highlights of what I saw whenever
the Lord took me into the tribulation.
He talked to me about the aliens.
Jesus said, 'Right before I come
back, you're going to see a lot of alien
things talked about in the news.
' I've talked about that, but the
mark of the beast—people are
like, 'Well, it's this grain of rice.
' No, it's more powerful.
It's the technology behind Neuralink.
I'm telling you, it's not Neuralink itself,
but it's the kind
of technology that they're developing
with Elon Musk and all that stuff.
Everybody says, 'Whoa, Neuralink
is the mark of the beast.
' No, it's not the mark of the beast; it's the kind of technology.
When they put it in you, it has
a signal and it sends the signal
to your brain to calm you down.
You use it to buy and sell, but I saw it has
a big burn mark whenever it comes on you.
It has a reaction with your body.
It can cause a sore on your forehead.
I saw
that there's
so much to
this chip,
but it's
the size
of a
little square.
It's not a grain of rice.
It's very
powerful
technology.
The Lord showed me great things coming for 2024.
The Democratic Party—and people
got mad at me last
time because I
mentioned politics—that's the system.
You've got the Republicans, the
Democrats, the Independents.
That's America.
Whatever you are in your country,
you may have your own thing.
I don't study politics that
much, but the
Lord showed me going into
the fall this year,
there's going to be shifting.
There's going to be some big-time
change.
Going into 2024, I saw them trying
to pump the economy full of
money, trying to stimulate it
and make everything look really good.
The Lord warned me 2024 will be a year that we
will soar.
It's going to be
a good year.
Not saying every aspect is
always good—it's a two-sided coin.
You can focus on the
bad or the good, but
I choose to focus on what
I'm seeing prophetically.
Even when
things are dark,
I try
not to let that
pull me down.
I go, 'Okay, God, I
know what you're showing me, but
I know what you
told me in your word.
' Psalm 91, Psalm 23—you need
to get those
scriptures down inside of your heart.
I said it in a previous video, and I'm going to say it again:
you need to understand your covenant and who you
are in Christ, because if you do not, you're in trouble.
those scriptures
down inside.
'The Lord is my shepherd; I shall not want.
' You need to
meditate on it until
it gets down
inside of your spirit.
No weapon formed against you will prosper.
Every tongue that rises
against you, you need
to condemn it and
take captive your thoughts.
Psalm 91 and Psalm 23
are very important
for what's about to happen.
The Lord showed me about the financial outpouring.
He showed me more—that there is going to
be something like the dot-com era.
When Bill Clinton and Hillary were
there, how the finances were
really booming in the 90s, the
Lord showed me that there
was a transfer of wealth then.
It was going to the internet
in the dot-com era, like with
Bill Gates and Jeff Bezos.
There's
going to
be another
wave, and
I saw
it
being with
digital
platforms
and cryptos.
A new era is about to
take place even more so.
I saw on Facebook a lady
said, 'Did you know they're
having a big meeting with
the BRICS nations from August
21st through the 24th?
' The Lord already pointed out August
24th to me when I was praying.
I had no idea; maybe it has
to do with this BRICS thing.
But something is going to shift.
I hate quoting dates because when
you're seeing in the spirit,
you have a depth perception problem.
But there's
something about August
and September.
A shifting is about to take place.
There will be a generation that does
not see death, and you're that generation.
I don't know how old you are—you
might be in your 90s—but I'm
believing that we're going to
see Jesus Christ come back really
soon.
2024 is going to be a good year.
Now, 2025, that's a different story.
I've seen some bad stuff about 2025.
But we're not going to talk about 2025.
That is some time away, and we have
time to prepare and change things.
There are things that can change.
People want to argue that Trump is coming
back;
Trump said to forget politics and focus on getting the lost.
We need to vote righteous, do what
the Lord has told us to
do, and pray for our leaders, but we're
not
going to get caught up in thinking
politicians are going to save America.
No, the only thing that is ever going to save America is an awakening unto God,
a mighty move of the Spirit of God upon this nation and upon the Earth.
the only thing that is going to save it.
There is no Red Wave or whatever politics that is going to save anything.
We need Jesus; Jesus is the one that changes things.
That is what my focus is.
All that news, the indictments, and everything—I told you it was coming.
I warned you this was coming.
The Lord told me they are going to go after Trump with indictments.
I prophesied that, and guess what?
It is happening right now.
Everything I'm prophesying is starting to manifest.
I hope you all are seeing this.
I warned you they are going after him; it is going to be really bad.
They are going to go all through the winter and keep trying to stack stuff on top of him, trying to throw him in jail.
They are relentless and evil.
These people are very, very evil, and you know why?
Because they are possessed with demons.
That is the truth.
There is a lot of demonic activity behind these people, and you have no idea.
If you want to know where the devil is involved the most, you need to follow the money because he controls the money system.
You have these big players that have all the cash—not all of them, because you have some good people like the Green family that owns Hobby Lobby and the people that own Chick-fil-A.
I know they have made some stupid decisions recently, but the man who is over the 'jabs'—you see him on there—I have seen him talking to a man in Europe that everyone knows about.
He is old.
I have seen these people; there is a man in Asia and a man in South America.
These people talk directly to Satan.
I will just be real with you; I have seen them.
They have demonic spirits that are assigned to them.
They are maneuvering and doing things in this earth to cause the Beast system and the One World Government on purpose.
They are trying to destroy the dollar and bring this stuff in because they have their assignments.
Just like Christians get their assignments, the devil's people get their assignments.
You all need to know that there are big key players with a lot of money and influence in politics trying to ruin America.
That is all I am going to say about it because I am trying to be very careful with my words here.
I am trying to minister to you all, and I don't want these idiots taking down my stuff, but I am telling you in a subtle way that there are some evil key players trying to run things.
You see them on the news every day.
There needs to be revival; there is going to be a great shaking coming.
I am not trying to spread fear; I am trying to warn you that all this is about to happen.
People have no clue.
You need to take this seriously and understand that we are in dark times.
It is going to get darker, but the light is going to get lighter.
The only way the light can get lighter is in you.
You have to be the salt and the light of this Earth through Jesus Christ dwelling on the inside of you.
We are right at the door of the coming of the Lord, and I hope you are being watchful of the times we are living in and being excited, having joy in your heart because the Lord Jesus Christ is about to come back and get us.
I don't want to be heavy all the time, but a lot of you are clueless.
You think you can live in sin and make it in the Rapture; you are in trouble.
I am trying to help you, but you can get mad at me if you want.
I am trying to tell you the truth because they are not telling you the truth.
You have to live a lifestyle of holiness.
If you are living with your boyfriend right now, you are in trouble; you are living in sin and will not make the Rapture.
You either need to get married or you need to move out.
You cannot live with your boyfriend in sin; that is called fornication.
You need to give your heart to Jesus Christ all the way and be sold out.
You cannot live in a compromising situation.
If you have an addiction to pornography, you have to take steps to change.
Put blocks on your computer and phone, have an accountability partner, and start steering your ship right.
You cannot keep going down the wrong path and saying, 'Well, God's grace covers this.
' There is a season of grace when you are a baby Christian, but as you get older, you have to grow up.
If you want to walk in the glory and the fire, you have to walk in holiness.
When you mess up, take communion and ask God to forgive you.
God is a good God.
I mess up too; I have issues, and I go to Him immediately.
Run to God when you sin, don't run from Him.
You don't want to miss the Rapture of the church.
Jesus Christ is coming, and hell is real.
If you are living in sin, you are going to hell.
Turn or burn.
Get right with the Lord, read your Bible, and follow it.
Love speaks the truth.
Everyone is always trying to sugarcoat it because they don't want to offend people, but Jesus told us that in the end, many will be offended.
People are walking around in offense like crazy right now—at church, on the internet, on Facebook, and on X, not Twitter.
We have to walk in love, speak the truth, and tell people what the Bible says about sin.
I want to pray for you right now and believe God for your miracle.
Father, whatever they are believing for right now, I speak healing over their bodies in the name of Jesus.
I speak to cancers, diabetes, heart disease, and AIDS.
I curse the spirit of AIDS in the name of Jesus and command it to go from their bodies.
I call their blood to be clear.
To any kind of sexually transmitted disease: we command you to go in the name of Jesus.
Repent and stop sleeping around.
Lord Jesus wants to heal your body.
We call for deliverance from migraine headaches, cataracts, and eye issues.
Whether the iris is detached, I command you to be healed in Jesus' name.
I call arthritis in the hands to be healed and sciatic nerve pain to be gone.
I thank You.
I speak to prostate problems right now and curse prostate cancer in Jesus' name.
I just saw a colon again.
I call your colon healed in Jesus' name.
Colon cancer, be gone.
I heard the word 'diverticulitis.
' Be healed in Jesus' name.
I decree the colon is whole.
Constipation, go.
Fibromyalgia and lupus, go in Jesus' name.
I command healing and wholeness over you.
But we're not going to talk about 2025.
That is some time away, and we have time to prepare and change things.
There are things that can change.
People want to argue that Trump is coming back; Trump said to forget politics and focus on getting the lost.
We need to vote righteous, do what the Lord has told us to do, and pray for our leaders, but we're not going to get caught up in thinking politicians are going to save America.
No, the only thing that is ever going to save America is an awakening unto God, a mighty move of the Spirit of God upon this nation and upon the Earth.
That is the only thing that is going to save it.
There is no Red Wave or whatever politics that is going to save anything.
We need Jesus; Jesus is the one that changes things.
That is what my focus is.
All that news, the indictments, and everything—I told you it was coming.
I warned you this was coming.
The Lord told me they are going to go after Trump with indictments.
I prophesied that, and guess what?
It is happening right now.
Everything I'm prophesying is starting to manifest.
I hope you all are seeing this.
I warned you they are going after him; it is going to be really bad.
They are going to go all through the winter and keep trying to stack stuff on top of him, trying to throw him in jail.
They are relentless and evil.
These people are very, very evil, and you know why?
Because they are possessed with demons.
That is the truth.
There is a lot of demonic activity behind these people, and you have no idea.
If you want to know where the devil is involved the most, you need to follow the money because he controls the money system.
You have these big players that have all the cash—not all of them, because you have some good people like the Green family that owns Hobby Lobby and the people that own Chick-fil-A.
I know they have made some stupid decisions recently, but the man who is over the 'jabs'—you see him on there—I have seen him talking to a man in Europe that everyone knows about.
He is old.
I have seen these people; there is a man in Asia and a man in South America.
These people talk directly to Satan.
I will just be real with you; I have seen them.
They have demonic spirits that are assigned to them.
They are maneuvering and doing things in this earth to cause the Beast system and the One World Government on purpose.
They are trying to destroy the dollar and bring this stuff in because they have their assignments.
Just like Christians get their assignments, the devil's people get their assignments.
You all need to know that there are big key players with a lot of money and influence in politics trying to ruin America.
That is all I am going to say about it because I am trying to be very careful with my words here.
I am trying to minister to you all, and I don't want these idiots taking down my stuff, but I am telling you in a subtle way that there are some evil key players trying to run things.
You see them on the news every day.
There needs to be revival; there is going to be a great shaking coming.
I am not trying to spread fear; I am trying to warn you that all this is about to happen.
People have no clue.
You need to take this seriously and understand that we are in dark times.
It is going to get darker, but the light is going to get lighter.
The only way the light can get lighter is in you.
You have to be the salt and the light of this Earth through Jesus Christ dwelling on the inside of you.
We are right at the door of the coming of the Lord, and I hope you are being watchful of the times we are living in and being excited, having joy in your heart because the Lord Jesus Christ is about to come back and get us.
I don't want to be heavy all the time, but a lot of you are clueless.
You think you can live in sin and make it in the Rapture; you are in trouble.
I am trying to help you, but you can get mad at me if you want.
I am trying to tell you the truth because they are not telling you the truth.
You have to live a lifestyle of holiness.
If you are living with your boyfriend right now, you are in trouble; you are living in sin and will not make the Rapture.
You either need to get married or you need to move out.
You cannot live with your boyfriend in sin; that is called fornication.
You need to give your heart to Jesus Christ all the way and be sold out.
You cannot live in a compromising situation.
If you have an addiction to pornography, you have to take steps to change.
Put blocks on your computer and phone, have an accountability partner, and start steering your ship right.
You cannot keep going down the wrong path and saying, 'Well, God's grace covers this.
' There is a season of grace when you are a baby Christian, but as you get older, you have to grow up.
If you want to walk in
the glory and the fire, you
have to walk in holiness.
When you mess
up, take
communion and ask
God to forgive you.
God is a good God.
up too;
I have issues,
and I go to
Him immediately.
Run to
God when you sin,
don't run from Him.
You don't want to miss the Rapture of the church.
Jesus
Christ is
coming,
and hell
is
real.
If you are living
in sin, you are
going to hell.
Turn or
burn.
Get right with the Lord,
read
your Bible, and follow it.
Love
speaks the truth.
Everyone is always trying to
sugarcoat it because
they don't want to
offend people, but Jesus
told us that in
the end, many will be
offended.
People are
walking around in
offense like
crazy right now—at
church, on
the internet,
on Facebook,
and on X,
not Twitter.
We have
to walk in
love, speak the
truth, and tell
people what the
Bible says about
sin.
I want
to
pray
for
you right
now and
believe
God for
your
miracle.
Father, whatever they are believing for
right now, I speak healing
over their bodies in the name of Jesus.
I speak to
cancers, diabetes, heart
disease, and AIDS.
I curse the spirit of AIDS
in the name of Jesus and command
it to go from their bodies.
I call their blood to be clear.
To any kind of sexually transmitted
disease: we command you to
go in the name of Jesus.
Repent and stop sleeping around.
Lord Jesus wants to heal your
body.
We call for deliverance
from migraine headaches,
cataracts, and eye issues.
Whether the
iris is
detached, I
command you
to be
healed in
Jesus' name.
I call arthritis
in the
hands to be healed
and sciatic nerve
pain to be gone.
Father,
I
thank
You.
I speak
to prostate problems
right
now and
curse
prostate cancer
in Jesus'
name.
I just saw a colon again.
I call your colon healed in Jesus' name.
Colon cancer, be gone.
I heard the word 'diverticulitis.
' Be healed in Jesus' name.
I decree
the
colon
is whole.
Constipation, go.
Fibromyalgia and
lupus, go
in Jesus' name.
I
command
healing
and
wholeness
over
you.